The patient was taken to the cardiac catheterization laboratory after having a valid consent. He was prepped and draped in the usual sterile fashion.

After local infiltration with 2% Xylocaine, the right common femoral artery was entered percutaneously and a 4-French sheath was placed over the artery. The arterial sheath was flushed throughout the procedure.

Conscious sedation was obtained using IV Versed and IV fentanyl.

With the help of a Wholey wire, a 4-French 4-curve Judkins right coronary artery catheter was advanced into the ascending aorta. The wire was removed, the catheter was flushed. The catheter was engaged in the left main. Injections were performed at the left main in different views. The catheter was then exchanged for an RCA catheter, 4-French 4-curve which was advanced into the ascending aorta with the help of a J-wire. The wire was removed, the catheter was flushed. The catheter was engaged in the RCA. Injections were performed at the RCA in different views.

The catheter was then exchanged for a 5-French Omniflush catheter, which was advanced into the abdominal aorta with the help of a regular J-wire. The wire was removed. The catheter was flushed. Abdominal aortogram was then performed with runoff to the patient's pelvis.

The Omniflush catheter was then retracted into the aortic bifurcation. Through the Omniflush catheter, a Glidewire was then advanced distally into the left SFA. The Omniflush was then removed. Through the wire, a Royal Flush catheter was then advanced into the left external iliac. The wire was removed. Left external iliac angiogram was performed with runoff to the patient's left foot _______ was then performed. The catheter was then retracted into the left common iliac. Angiograms were performed of the left common iliac with runoff to the patient's left groin. The catheter was then positioned at the level of the right common iliac. Angiogram of the right common iliac with runoff to the patient's right leg was then performed. The catheter was then removed with the help of a J-wire. The J-wire was left in the abdominal aorta. Hand injection was performed of the right common femoral artery in 2 locations with runoff to the patient's right leg.

The wire was then removed. The arterial sheath was then removed after being flushed. Hemostasis was obtained using hand compression.

The patient tolerated the procedure well and had no complications. At the end of the procedure, palpable right common femoral pulses were noted as well as 1+ right PT pulse.
